{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11420\viewh11080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi! Welcome to my Web Portfolio!\
\
I focused on a few brand traits for my own portfolio, which are minimalistic, clean, and interactive! I wanted the website to look clean with a contemporary feel. I also wanted my audience to see my name immediately and know what my personality is immediately, which is I why I put the title in the featured area of my Home page. I described myself to the audience with three nouns, so that people can gauge in a general manner who I am. \
\
I referenced the Boxes Layout for my Web Portfolio. When you roll over the smaller boxes/thumbnails, you can see a mini description of what to expect if you click into it. I attached 3 projects that I\'92ve been working on: 1) my art portfolio 2) an art salt project 3) my photography portfolio. You can scroll through all the pieces once you click into the thumbnails. \
\
I think this design is very functional, because it is straightforward for users and easy to navigate. The design is consistent throughout every page and the logo is hyperlinked to return back to the \'93home\'94 page so users are never stuck on one page! \
\
Thanks for visiting and I hope you appreciate the minimalistic and user-friendly feel of my portfolio! \
\
}